Enhance aggregations.md with cursor behavior details (#2582)
redis/docs: content/develop/ai/search-and-query/advanced-concepts/aggregations.md

FT.AGGREGATE idx query WITHCURSOR MAXIDLE 10000
```

If there are updates during the lifetime of the cursors, these updates may not be reflected
in the results of the `CURSOR READ` commands.

> If during the lifetime of the Cursor, some key rebalancing takes place, there is a chance that some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, note that in case of load rebalancing operations (such as Atomic Slot Migration) taking place during the lifetime of a cursor, there is a chance that some results may be missing. In Redis Enterprise deployment, these operation may occur behind the scenes without any user intervention. 
```
